The Joe Rogan.
Experience. First of all, the game looks tell everybody who you are,
what you do.
Um, my name is Hugo Martin and I'm the game director on doing maternal.
The dragon is back yet. Let me tell you something, folks.
We just played some of do maternal.
He showed us the game and show him and ran through the, some of the first level.
Holy. God. It's so next level it's so next level graphics.
It's so cool. Everything about it, like the weapons, the demons,
the way you kill them. It's the most violent thing I've ever seen in my life.
It's awesome. It's so ridiculous. But it's like,
it seems like it's okay because it's violence against demons. Yeah.
And we, we, we work hard on that. Like you never,
there's no cursing that I have three kids. There's no cursing. There's no sex.
I do want it to be something that my nine year old could play.
You think it's kind of crazy that you could rip people's heads off.
You could shove their arm down their throat. You could cut them in half.
That's fine. Just don't use any of those naughty words, kids. Yeah.
Yes, because I was joking with someone the other day. It's like,
when I'm with my kids, like,
he's not going to go up to somebody and like glory kill them.
But when someone says.
They were the glory killers, cause it sounds too much like glory hole.
We're going to get really confused.
So in the game, when you damage a demon, uh, enough, they will glow, uh,
with like a shader on them. And that means you can go to do a,
a Malay finisher basically, which is like a,
a melee attack and you'll get help from it. And there there's really,
really cool.
And melee, we should explain is like with your own hands,
you can rip them apart or cut them in half with a sword or a chainsaw. Yes.
It's so crazy. Like when my kids see that they're not going to do that,
but when they hear someone use the F word, they're like, oh,
I could use that in everyday life. And that sucks.
Interesting rationalization. I'm not buying it, but the game is awesome.
And it would be cool if you had an R rated mode that you had to like enter in
your security number, social security number or something and it'll unlock it.
It shows you're over 21 or over 18.
I feel like over 18. Yeah. And then you just hire your brother, dude,
get in here. I'll give you five bucks a month.
That would be awesome. It's cartoonish violence. So you could see it.
It's very much like a cartoon, you know? Yeah.
And again, you're killing monsters,
walking dead when they spike them in the head,
you can't do that to a person on TV, but you could do.
It to Islamic and their demons from hell. You're doing God's work.
Yes, that's right. And we should explain that.
Doom was one of the very first 3d games who was castle Wolf and
Stein. Right. That was like the first one with ed software.
We've had Carmack in before. He's no longer with the software,
but who is his will. It's.
Still there. No, he's not there anymore.
Without hauling said no, what the bro? How's it did software,
Marty Stratton name. You got a whole bunch of new people running it. Listen,
whoever's running it.
They're doing an amazing job because that game looks set and I'm scared.
I'm scared. I'm gonna get sucked into it. It's awesome. The game, first of all,
the game play, and then just the beginning sequence, the end game,
like whole sequence looks like, uh, like a CGI movie.
It doesn't look like game play.
Like remember when we used to play games and he used to have that opening scene,
there was like a video. And then it would go to the game and the game was crude.
This game is exactly like the opening scene, which is so crazy.
No, pre-rendered that everything. Those are the end game assets.
That's how good they are. The team is like insane. The guys are true. Artists,
craftsmen, you know, like they just go crazy on the details.
And when you zoom in with the camera for the cinematics,
they completely hold up the rigging. Like it's like a feature film. It's nuts.
Are you guys there? There it is right now. Let's play the let's play the, the,
uh, the old jailer. This.
Is the old trailer. Yeah.
This trailer is good. Just play it for people.
[Inaudible].
And if you're just listening, you got to see this on YouTube.
If you're like, I'm a grown-up bottom of types.
I have an IRA and a 401k and I have kids. Me too. Me too.
People will not bring you peace. Won't be,
make the burden worse.
We have. So
this sacrifice in the name of our.
[Inaudible].
Now, if you're just listening, this is just annoying music and noise.
But if you're watching, it looks sick.
Oh. And then it gets my head quickly.
The angels angels too. Oh Jesus. Oh.
So he's like the boss demon.
Yeah.
God. This looks good.
Doom eternal.
It looked quite anticipate a massive waste of time for people three 20.
So that's when it comes out. So it was that nine days from now.
Yes. Wow. That guy, if you're Bruce Lee, that is your Chuck Norris.
Yeah. And you guys are going to, and then the whole scene, actually,
when you meet him, w which is a little clip from that,
it's really inspired by that scene. Uh,
is it enter the dragon or return to the dragon when he fights Chuck Norris?
I think it's under the dragon.
Yes. And, uh, you know, like when they square off in the Coliseum, like,
you know, you, you, he comes out and he said some bad and you're like,
look at him and you're gonna find.
That is a great way of the dragon.
Is it the way of the dragon, the dragon or for the star wars fans? We say like,
it's like your OB one and that's your Darth Maul.
Uh, okay. I liked the first announcement.
A little bit where.
It's just like, I don't know.
Star wars has become to Disnifying it doesn't really sync up with that.
The fight is bad-ass though, between Obi-Wan and Darth Maul and man.
It's awesome.
Yeah. That's pretty bad. Yeah, it does. Before it went to.
The fights in the prequels were amazing. They were really good. Yes.
I've watched the one against obiwan and, and, um,
an akin like a million times. Like, I love that one. It's so good.
Like when they sh and the Levin and they just go off on each other and like,
it it's a mate, George described it in an interview that it would be like,
you would be seeing a Jedi at their peak that,
that really in the first three star wars films, they were not at their peak.
And then in the prequels, you would see them in their prime, like kicks in,
in his prime. So like, that's, what's so cool about that fight.
They're just going off on each other. It's amazing. Yeah.
Well,
what you guys have done is create something that's going to ruin people's lives.
So I hope you're really excited about massive waste of time. I mean,
we were talking before the show about video games and the addictive quality of
video games. I have a real problem. I just can't play him that much.
I guess I can dip my toe in every now and then.
And then I shake my head and I got to go running or something.
Cause otherwise it'll get the grip on me. Yes. There are two fun.
Like there's no movie that you're going to watch.
It gives you the kind of engagement that your video game downs.
Cause you're like in the movie. Yes. And it.
Looks like a movie now.
And you see what the glory kills.
Like you are your own fight choreographer for your sick of breaking the arm and
shoving it in his head, then swing around from behind and cut them in half,
you know, do anything you want.
So now, as far as multiplayer, because I'm not really into playing games,
the game game I'm into multiplayer.
You. I promise if you play the single player,
what is unique about our single player is that it will give you the same buzz
that a multiplayer will give you because your opponents this time are the AI and
that opening level. That's why belts. You're,
you're messing with like easy dudes. Um,
the later on it will continue to level up. And as you saw,
like that guy that comes out with the ax, like, again, he is,
he is as tough as you are. So, uh,
you will get the same feeling from the single-player that you do from a
multiplayer. It's not really possible.
What I like as duels. I like, like, like in quake champions,
I like playing duels and that's, what's fun for me. Like one on one,
like me and Jamie would get barbecued and we'd come here and we play for hours.
Just one-on-one you run around the map and collect your rocket launchers and
your ammo and armor and and just each other up.
We have a multiplayer called battle mode. That is awesome. Like it's really,
really good. And then is it.
Like quake multiplayer? Like.
No, it's, it's different. It's, it's very unique. Uh,
the last multiplayer we remade was not super well received.
It was a really competent, good multiplayer, but it was,
I was just doomed 2016 is multiplayer experience. But, um,
it really wasn't innovative enough.
Like fans wanted to see us like do something new.
So we basically took the single player experience that combat loop that you'll
master. And then we, we give you a way to do it with your friends.
It's a two V one. So it'd be, you know,
two of you guys versus one guy gets to be this layer with all the guns.
And it's really, really cool. And then there's invasion. So like,
you'll play the single player campaign and then someone can become a demon.
Like Jamie could become a demon and then invade you while you're playing.
And you won't know where he is and he'll just come out and try to with you.
Like.
It's really cool. But is there any one-on-one multiplayer.
Invasions kind of one-on-one but battle mode,
the closest we'd be we come to the one-on-one is two V one.
Oh, okay. That's weird.
Why did you side two versus one instead of one versus one.
It's just unique, you know, it's, it's, uh, the balance there,
no one demon can stand against the Slayer. You know,
the doom guy is all powerful. He's got all these, you know, he's right here.
He's, he's got all the guns and the mods and he's got eight guys.
Bicep exposed. It seems like a vulnerability.
It's like a kind of, pretty much.
She's. If someone comes on cuts his arm off,
it seems like that's a good spot to hit.
His arms. You're like trees. So like they're made.
Out of jelly donuts. They're very.
They are so big that in one scene he raises like a sword and the bicep just like
is absurdly huge. But, but, um.
That's cute, but it's still made out of meat. That's true.
That's true. The, the, uh, I forgot what I was saying, but yes, you, you,
you can compete. Vital mode is really good. You really like it.
Yeah. But why don't you ever one-on-one?
Uh, because we just, it didn't, it just didn't work out that way. Like, do you.
Anticipate anything like that in the future on, or.
You never know? Like certainly, uh, we'll see, but, but we're really,
really proud of this. Like I think what you want to do is you,
you got to innovate. If,
if you want to make something that's really going to engage people like that.
Like the whole point is to like give them something to master that they've never
seen before.
Because if you're just asking me to master a new version of a thing that I
already mastered. Sure. A lot of people would appreciate that,
but you're not really going to capture like a large audience.
So we really created something that was completely unique. And, um,
so we're excited.
Now,
is there going to be a death match mode where like all of us can get in a room
and each other up?
Uh, no, Jesus Christ.
You go, what are you doing?
We, we have, uh, quick champions for that.
I know, but we already played quake champions. I want to play that.
I'm going to use those weapons. Well with that guy,
like this is this the multiplayer, Jason.
This is the multiplayer. Jesus Christ looks crazy. It is nuts, dude.
The it's kind of based on a couple of core pillars of like,
we needed something that had a lot of drama.
We wanted something that I had a lot of pacing,
like the variations and pacing in the match and something with deep strategy.
So, and was primarily innovative, like unlike anything, any,
anything anybody had played before and was for like,
it's a multiplayer for people who love do maternal.
So play the dual maternal single player. You'll you'll like this.
Right. It looks so incredible, man. It's awesome.
The graphics are so off the charts. I just want to play this right now.
I'm looking at this video that Jamie's playing, uh,
showing the video of this guy playing. And it's just, it looks incredible.
He's he's the Slayer you're seeing through the Slayer right now.
And those two demons that he shooting with the numbers coming out of them.
Those are the other guys.